He who throws dirt is losing ground.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Flattery will go far tonight.
A warm smile is testimony of a generous nature.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
We cannot do great things; only small things with great love.
The time is right to make new friends.
To love is to forgive.
Hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
The time is right to make new friends.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
Our first and last love...is self love.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
You are talented in many ways.
Any rough times are behind you.
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn the corner.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
Little and often makes much.
The days you work are the best days.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
Decide what you want and go for it.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
Skill comes from diligence.
Don't forget to do good deeds as you accumulate wealth.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise and balance.
Consolidate rather than expand business projects in the near future.
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
You will be wise not to seek too much from others.
"Welcome" is a powerful word.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never to  old to learn.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart?
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't just spend time. Invest it.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
Get your mind set...confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
It could be better, but its[sic] good enough.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new
Now is the time to try something new.
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Please visit us at www.wontonfood.com
Practice makes perfect.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom -- it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived  ones prosper.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Well done is better than well said.
What's hidden in an empty box?
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller.
You are almost there.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends.
You are solid and dependable.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You love chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind subbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
